Wood is worth 1 fuel, a unit can collect 20 per turn, for a total of 20 fuel per unit per turn.
Coal is worth 10 fuel, a unit can collect 5 per turn, for a total of 50 fuel per unit per turn.
Uranium is worth 40 fuel, a unit can collect 2 per turn, for a total of 80 fuel per unit per turn.

At the end of each turn, Workers automatically receive resources from all adjacent (North, 
East, South, West, or Center) resource tiles they can collect resources from.

Workers cannot mine while on CityTiles. Instead, if there is at least one Worker on a CityTile, 
that CityTile will automatically collect adjacent resources at the same rate as a worker each 
turn and directly convert it all to fuel.

Units cannot move on top of the opposing team’s CityTiles however, units can stack on top of each other on a friendly CityTile.

Resources can be wasted!
+ Each unit makes resource collection requests to collect an even number of resources 
      from each adjacent tile of the current iterated resource such that the collected amount 
      takes the unit's cargo above capacity. E.g. worker with 60 wood adjacent to 3 wood tiles 
      asks for 14 from each, receives 40 wood, and wastes 2.
+ All tiles of the current iterated resource then try to fulfill requests, if they can't they 
      make sure all unfulfilled requests get an equal amount, the leftover is wasted. E.g. if 4 
      workers are mining a tile of 25 wood, but one of them is only asking for 5 while the 
      others are asking for 20 wood each, then first all workers get 5 wood each, leaving 5 
      wood left over for 3 more workers with space left. This can evenly be distributed by 
      giving 1 wood each to the last 3 workers, leaving 2 wood left that is then wasted.
    
We need 100 resources to build a city tile.

At the end of each turn, after Road have been built and pillaged, each unit's Cooldown 
decreases by 1 and further decreases by the level of the Road the unit is on at the end of the 
turn. CityTiles are not affected by road levels and cooldown always decreases by 1.
After an action is performed, the unit’s Cooldown will increase by a Base Cooldown.
Cities have a base cooldown of 10, Workers: 2, and Carts: 3.
    
At the end of each turn, Cart will upgrade the road level of the tile it ends on by 0.75.
All tiles start with a road level of 0 and are capped at 6.
CityTiles automatically have the max road level of 6.
Roads can also be destroyed by Workers via the pillage action which reduces road level by 0.5 each time.
    
A day/night cycle consists of 40 turns 30 days and 10 nights.
A city tile needs (23 - 5 * the number of adjacent friendly city tiles) each night to survive.
A unit or cart does not need fuel at night unless outside of a city. A unit or cart outside at night needs 4 and 10 fuel respectively in order to survive.
Cooldowns are multiplied by 2x at night

After 360 turns the winner is whichever team has the most CityTiles on the map. If that is a tie, then whichever team has the most units owned on the board wins.